---
id: inbox
title: Inbox
sidebar_position: 9
---

# The Inbox

## What's the Inbox?

It is the notification center on Paracord. Designed to manage notifications from all connected paranets in one single place, with maximum efficiency.
It can be accessed by clicking on the mail icon in the upper right corner of the UI, once open, it becomes the highest layered UI.
From the Inbox you can answer to skill requests, navigate to the source of the notification and mark a message as important.

## What's a notification in Paracord?

A message or an alert generated by actors or the system to inform the user of important events, errors, or requests that require attention.
Notifications are sorted by date and can be in a `unseen` (before user opening the message) or `seen` (after opening it) state.

### Notification types

- **Requests**: An incoming request from an actor. For example, an explicit approval from the user might be required in order to move forward on a workflow,
  that request will appear on the user's Inbox. These requests are configured/defined by the message emitter and can have different UIs.
- **Information**: Messages that inform the user of an event. For example, after running an async simulation, the user might be informed of its completion by a notification.
- **Errors**: Any errors encountered. For example, inconsistencies in the ORA Designer or a failed skill request.

### Message Navigation

Notifications are aware of their context, and they include a clear and intuitive link to the message emitter, meaning clicking on the action button in the detail section of a message will navigate to the source of that notification. For example, clicking on "Go to details" on an skill request from an actor in paranet ABC will open the paranet ABC ORA, and bring up those actor details.

### Notification list and details

The list of notifications presents up to 500 messages (currently), each one being a preview showing a snippet of the subject matter behind the notification. Opening a message will provide the full details. The detail view of a regular notification will contain 3 different sections:

- The actions needed (optional)
- A history of conversations related to the actor
- What's currently happening

### Managing notifications

#### Dismissing

Users can dismiss notifications to remove them from the Inbox

#### Tagging as "Important"

Users can tag notifications as "star" to mark them as important. That action makes the notification to appear on the "Important" tab as a conveniente and simple way to filter relevant messages to the user
